Update example.py (#39)
Airtable-Labs/upsert-examples: python/using_pyairtable/README.md

- [`example.py`](example.py) is the main code file which is executed when `python3 example.py` is run. At a high level, it performs the following:
  - Loads dependencies and configuration variables
  - Defines a sample `inputRecords` array which should be modified to reference an external data source
  - In chunks of 10, updates existing and creates new records
- [`.env.example`](.env.example) is an example file template to follow for your own `.env` file. The environment variables supported are:

>   - `AIRTABLE_API_KEY` - [your Airtable API key](https://support.airtable.com/hc/en-us/articles/219046777-How-do-I-get-my-API-key-); it will always start with `key`

Reviewer: Encourage use of PATs (but keep the env variable name the same)

```suggestion
  - `AIRTABLE_API_KEY` - [your Airtable personal access token](https://airtable.com/developers/web/guides/personal-access-tokens); it will always start with `pat`
```
